TODO
Refactor
  Make population fat stored as energy amount, not fraction. Should no generate free energy from nowhere when having births at nonzero fat.
  Violent deaths waste fat, subtract from reserves when they occur (TODO future)
  Clean up main omnibus into modules
    Add a Population class to manage those operations, analogous to the Species class for species
Predation
  Add carnivores that can eat other animals.
  Food value based on prey power + current fat, includes some water
  Food digestion based on prey size
  Speed: Predatior speed must be >= prey speed to catch them.
    Hunt cost based on the prey speed stat
  Maybe add a "stealth" stat that makes it harder for predators to find them, and "vision" stat for predators opposes?
  Attack:
    Predator: Must be >= prey armor AND > prey attack to eat them.
    Prey: Adds hunt cost for predator.
  Venom: boolean trait, as predator adds extra Attack (unless prey has venom resistance trait).
    As prey, cannot be eaten by predators without venom resistance trait.
    Substantial metabolic cost
  Venom resistance: boolean trait, negates venom trait of predator/prey. Substantial metabolic cost.
Multi-biome systems with emigration
  Mobile species may wander between active biomes, based on biome adjacency graph and species' mobility.
  Probability of wander per member per day = speed^2 / base_rate
  Won't wander into biomes that can't support them (e.g. no edible food, or bad climate tags)
  Won't reduce source population below 2
  Some traits may alter mobility rate
    - Flying might increase this (in addition to its predation effects)
    - 'Migratory' trait might increase this (and do nothing much else)
Parasitism
  Add parasites that can directly extract energy from hosts without killing them (except insofar as they cause energy deficit that leads to death).
  Some kind of infection/transmission mechanic, parasite population keeps an infected count for each host species, growth rate is capped by per-host infected counts
  When hosts die, infected ones preferentially-likely to die
Habitat Requirements
  hot/cold/air/aquatic add a power cost
  Biomes list their climate tags
  If species has any required climate tags that biome doesn't have, cannot live in that biome; do not include during setup
  If species has any excluded climate tags that biome does have, cannot live in that biome; do not include during setup
Water
  Species need 1 water per energy consumed
  Fat can also store an equal amount of water
    Track population fat energy & water separately. Same cap for each, non-exclusive.
  Bid/claim from water sources, just like how forage works
  Water-storing trait adds to water storage cap, but also adds to metabolic cost (less than a like amount of fat stat would, though)
  Water-efficiency trait reduces water needs per energy consumed, but also adds to metabolic cost
Seasons
  Biomes have a "seasonality" subobject that determines how much resource spawn rates fluctuate over the course of a year?
  { min: number, period: number (days) } (max is 1.0)
  Enhance to vary per resource type. E.g. fruit peaks in autumn, leaves in spring/summer, etc.
Plants
  Add plant species, use ground-water and sunlight, ARE composed of various forages?
  Sunlight produced daily, rots 100% daily, and "eating" it doesn't consume it.
  E.g. the day has a sunlight intensity value, differing plants can use up to some max amount. E.g. trees can use more sun than a strawberry can
  Include the plants' forage values when bidding/consuming, if they get eaten then kill some of the plant population
  Rain and sun are anti-correlated, so on rainy days there is less sun and vice versa. Maybe also have some random variation in sun independent of rain?
  Surface water "decays" into ground water at a constant rate
    Usually fast enough that a rainy day will sink in in a day or three
    Several consecutive heavy-rain days might overwhelm the ground water capacity and lead to some excess surface water remaining for a while, though
  Plants only use ground water
  Biome has a ground water capacity cap
  Add (tiny) amounts of water to various forage types